Proxima Centauri (next closest star/40.1 trillion km/4.2 light years)
Stars mostly are comprised of hydrogen, a small amount of helium

White dwarf stars are around the size of our Earth
Neutron stars, less than 16 kn in diameter

deep red, through orange and yellow to an intense white-blue. 
The colour of stars depend on their temperature
Cooler stars tend to be red, while the hottest ones are blue.
They are also divided into brightness groups, which are called magnitudes
A star's magnitude is 2.5 times brighter tha the next lower star

thermonuclear fusion which make stars produce light, heat and energy. The most common happens when four hydrogen atoms combine into a helium atom. This releases energy, which is converted to light and heat.

Soon (relatively speaking), gravity will win and the star will collapse under its own weight. At that time, it becomes what is known as a white dwarf.
As the fuel further depletes and reaction stops all together, it will collapse further, into a black dwarf

Belial: devil
Dead Sea Scrolls (also Qumran Caves Scrolls) are ancient Jewish religious, mostly Hebrew, manuscripts found in the Qumran Caves near the Dead Sea.
Stigmata (singular stigma) is a term used by members of the Catholic faith to describe body marks, sores, or sensations of pain in locations corresponding to the crucifixion wounds of Jesus Christ
Gemma Galgani: an Italian mystic, venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church since 1940.


dredge: bring something unwelcome and forgotten or obscure to people's attention.
lackadaisical: lacking enthusiasm and determination; carelessly lazy. 
myosin:  motor proteins best known for their roles in muscle contraction and in a wide range of other motility processes in eukaryotes. 
L'anévrisme intracrânien/brain aneurysm: une déformation de la membrane des artères du cerveau. Cette déformation prend le plus souvent la forme d'un sac, appelé sac anévrismal.
Angina, also known as angina pectoris, is chest pain or pressure, usually due to not enough blood flow to the heart muscle.
actus reus non facit reum nisi mens sit rea, i.e. "the act is not culpable unless the mind is guilty".
Mens rea(guilty mind): the mental element of a person's intention to commit a crime; or knowledge that one's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed. It is a necessary element of many crimes.
Actus reus (guilty act): the external element or the objective element of a crime
cornet: third and lowest grade of commissioned officer in a British cavalry troop, after captain and lieutenant.
borstal: youth detention centre in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth
bearing: relation; relevance/ (bearings)awareness of one's position relative to one's surroundings.
brow: the summit of a hill or pass
donkey jacket: medium-length jacket worn by men.
syndication: the sale or licensing of material for publication or broadcasting by a number of television stations, periodicals, etc.
peat: a brown material consisting of partly decomposed vegetable matter forming a deposit on acidic, boggy, ground, which is dried for use in gardening and as fuel.
Queen's counsel: a lawyer
scarf: eat or drink (something) hungrily or enthusiastically.
This material gets compressed by collisions and blast waves from exploding stars, causing lumps of matter to form. If the gravity of these protostellar objects is strong enough, they can pull in other matter for fuels. As they continue to compress, their internal temperatures rise to the point where hydrogen ignites in thermonuclear fusion. While the gravity continues pulling, trying to collapse the star into the smallest possible size, the fusion stabilizes it, preventing further contraction. Thus, a great struggle ensues for the life of the star, as each force continues to push or pull.
Paramecium – a protozoan: this single-celled organism lives in freshwater habitats. It is covered in cilia, short hair-like structures used for swimming and for wafting food into its groove-like mouth (centre).
Cilia - tiny hair like structures that cover the outside of the microbe. 
Flagella - long thread-like structures that extend from the cell surface.
AL ah-bayt: family of prophet Muhammad
Twelve Imams are the spiritual and political successors to the Islamic prophet Muhammad in the Twelver.
Wali: protector
shell company: société écran
Social fence refers to a short-term avoidance behavior by individuals that leads to a long-term loss to the entire group
Individual trap is similar to a social trap except that it involves the behavior of only a single person rather than a group of people. Example: tobacco/lung cancer, alcohol/cirrhosis
Cirrhose: 
trussed up: to tie up (someone) tightly to prevent movement.
serrated: having or denoting a jagged edge; sawlike.
Boole's inequality, also known as the union bound, says that for any finite or countable set of events, the probability that at least one of the events happens is no greater than the sum of the probabilities of the individual events.
En pattes-de-mouche: ecriture mal formées
UAE: 7 emirates
surah: term for chapter in Quran
Nash Equilibrium attempts to determine mathematically and logically the actions that participants of a game should take to secure the best outcomes for themselves.
shore-up: to support (something) or keep (something) from falling by placing something under or against it.
Prisoners dilemma: nash equilibrium is when both prisoners betray each other.
Travellers dilemma: nash equilibruium is the lowest number since they have to choose between $2 and $100.
centipede game: take the money or let the stash grow
The hanging paradox: person supposed to be hanged will be surprised
zero-sum games: the sum of the amounts won by some players equals the combined losses of the others. 
Non-zero sum games: win-win situation, loss-loss situation
Backward induction is the process of reasoning backwards in time, from the end of a problem or situation, to determine a sequence of optimal actions.
dollar auction
Liar's poker: game in Harvard
skin in the game: when executives put their own money to buy stock in the compant they are running.
Denis Gabor: inventor of holography/hungarian/1971
Les Paul: multitrack recording(double tracking)
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek: father of microbiology
The communication going from a satellite to ground is called downlink, and when it is going from ground to a satellite it is called uplink.
Strait of Malacca: malaysia/indonesia
asunder: apart
stranglehold: complete or overwhelming control.
cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs: insane
under the cosh: undewr pressure
motile: (of cells, gametes, and single-celled organisms) capable of motion
PSPNR: 06973103
POSID: S0000038113