Sanjeet Mudhoo -- 
YSD_WORKSTATEMENT_FORMS -- template for sap

YMM_PACKING_LIST_FORMS 
line 214

Conga line, 

http://www.samplecodeabap.com/sap-editable-alv-grid/
DEMO_SEL_SCREEN_STATUS
DEMO_SEL_SCREEN_FUNCTION_KEY

cl_giu_alv_grid->REFRESH_TABLE_DISPLAY

o_data -> xml, JSON

Self aggrandizement: exaggerating one's own importance or power. 
overkill: excessive use, treatment, or action.
wallow: (of a person) indulge in an unrestrained way in (something that one finds pleasurable).
disingenuous: not candid or sincere
crutch: a thing used for support or reassurance.
upside: the more positive aspect of a situation.
indictment: a thing that serves to illustrate that a system or situation is bad and deserves to be condemned.
lead-in: an introduction or preamble which allows one to move smoothly on to the next part of something.
one-dimensional: lacking depth; superficial.
rehash: reuse (old ideas or material) without significant change or improvement.
casser sa pipe: etre mort
avoir un poil dans la main: etre paresseux
avoir la main verte: etre doué en qqchose
en faire un fromage: transformer quelque chose qui était simple en une chose complexe
gravitas: dignity, seriousness, or solemnity of manner.
grommet: an eyelet placed in a hole to protect or insulate a rope or cable passed through it or to reinforce the hole.
headlong: with the head foremost
plop down: to sit or lie down in a heavy or careless way. 
denizen: inhabitant
dreg: the most undesirable part; the last part
caveat: limitations
grabatologist: collect neckties
fusilatelist: collect phone cards
numismatist: collect coins and medals
brolliologist: collect umbrellas
brandophilist: collector cigar brands
helixophilist: corkscrew collector
scabreux: embarassant
Battre sa coulpe: Se repentir
thalamus: e large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals, to the cerebral cortex
limbic system is a set of brain structures located on both sides of the thalamus, immediately beneath the cerebrum.
a dime a dozen: very common and of no particular value.
tinker: attempt to repair or improve something in a casual or desultory way.
mothball, chumminess, blistering harangue
dendrology: the study of trees
petrology: the branch of science concerned with the origin, structure, and composition of rocks.
isobath: an imaginary line or one drawn on a map connecting all points of equal depth below the surface of a body of water. 
camp david(maryland/presidential retreat),
underpin: form the basis of
Mastery requires both C-suite and grassroots
conducive: making a certain situation or outcome likely or possible.
comeuppance: a punishment or fate that someone deserves.
on a tear: having great success over a period of time
entrenched: ingrained
corporeal: bodily
 gloss over:to deal with (unpleasant facts) rapidly and cursorily, or to omit them altogether from an account of something
Design thinking/design doing/design culture
look over one's shoulder:  feel anxious all the time.
rustler: cattle thief
grunt work: basic work
upshot : result
de fil en auiguille: progressivement
vainglorious: excessively proud of oneself
Venture capital: capital invested at the start
Seed funding
Q-tips(cotton swab)
Mind share: development of consumer awareness or popularity of a product.
Mobile device management (MDM) 
Bandai PipPin, Newton computer
Darwin awards
design thinkers tend to use physical models, also known as design artifacts, to explore, define, and communicate.

barometer: blaise pascal
isaac singer: important improvements in the design of the sewing machine 
karl benz: first petrol powered automobile
John Harvey Kellogg: corn flakes
John Stith Pemberton: coca cola

Charles Sanders Peirce(father of pragmatism)
Darwin awards
SE90 -> SALV.
Round Robin
https://collections.accenture.com/collection.aspx?b=d2cb6c0a-9abf-e511-8148-005056b167e3
value table: domain
modern user: SAP FIORI
CAM(computer aided manufacturing)

YHR_IPD